Maintaining a growth mindset is crucial in any learning endeavor,
and it's no different here.
This program is hard and it will require you to not only manage your time effectively,
but also to go beyond your comfort zone,
ask questions, and continually challenge yourself.
Remember that it often takes multiple attempts to pass a project.
It also takes time to really understand the new concept.
It may seem like you're the only one who's having trouble,
but I guarantee you that that's not the case.
I had trouble with this content when I started learning it,
and I want to encourage you to keep going.
Try different learning tactic,
use the available mentorship resources,
and take advantage of your amazing slack community.
We're all here to support you,
and we're excited to have the opportunity to help you accomplish your goals.
Not passing a project or not understanding
the content after reviewing it several times is not failure.
It's an opportunity to really challenge yourself.
With each attempt, you're closer to passing.
With each attempt, you're closer to mastering this content.
With each attempt, you're closer to achieving your goal.